docs/Installation.md, before:

### 1. Requirements
Everything you need is a web-server with PHP 5.5 or later and a MySQL-Database.

The following PHP extensions must be activated:

	session, exif, mbstring, gd, mysqli, json, zip
	
To use Lychee without restrictions, we recommend to increase the values of the following properties in `php.ini`:

	max_execution_time = 200
	post_max_size = 100M
	upload_max_size = 100M
	upload_max_filesize = 20M
	memory_limit = 256M
	
You might also take a look at [Issue #106](https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/issues/106) if you are using nginx or in the [FAQ](https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md#i-cant-upload-multiple-photos-at-once) if you are using CGI or FastCGI.
	
### 2. Download

The easiest way to download Lychee is with `git`:

	git clone https://github.com/electerious/Lychee.git
	
You can also use the [direct download](https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/archive/master.zip).

### 3. Permissions

Change the permissions of `uploads/`, `data/` and all their subfolders. Sufficient read/write privileges are required.

	chmod -R 777 uploads/ data/

### 4. Finish

Open Lychee in your browser and follow the given steps.
If you have trouble, take a look at the [FAQ](FAQ.md).

Commit message:

Adjusted upload folder installation text

docs/Installation.md, after:

### 1. Requirements
Everything you need is a web-server with PHP 5.5 or later and a MySQL-Database.

The following PHP extensions must be activated:

	session, exif, mbstring, gd, mysqli, json, zip
	
To use Lychee without restrictions, we recommend to increase the values of the following properties in `php.ini`:

	max_execution_time = 200
	post_max_size = 100M
	upload_max_size = 100M
	upload_max_filesize = 20M
	memory_limit = 256M
	
You might also take a look at [Issue #106](https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/issues/106) if you are using nginx or in the [FAQ](https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/blob/master/docs/FAQ.md#i-cant-upload-multiple-photos-at-once) if you are using CGI or FastCGI.
	
### 2. Download

The easiest way to download Lychee is with `git`:

	git clone https://github.com/electerious/Lychee.git
	
You can also use the [direct download](https://github.com/electerious/Lychee/archive/master.zip).

### 3. Permissions

The upload folders will be automatically created outside of the public folder during installation. Make sure the owner of the webserver folder is the same one as the owner of the config.php file. If this isn't the case, the folders will not be generated.

### 4. Finish

Open Lychee in your browser and follow the given steps.
If you have trouble, take a look at the [FAQ](FAQ.md).
